Please forgive me for wearing this now.
Because I just finished the game
It's really hot!
Many people find it very strange
My fireproof underwear, how to be different from others
Plus there are some pipes here.
In fact, it is ice, that is, there is a small ice bucket on the car.
Inside with ice cubes
It will cycle during the game
Let the driver's physical strength consume a little less
Can be a little more comfortable
This game, the sharp-eyed reader
Even often there is concern whether it is
GO Che Chi GP team or my FB
Or a friend of GO Chezhi, I should know that I changed the car.
N group from the original FD2
Switch to group A of DC5 now
My biggest feeling is
Although I want to support Taiwan's motorsports
But on the rules, let me have a little regret.
The previous FD2 is N group, the displacement is 2.0
Original engine, just the chassis is unlimited
Then right drive, and now 350hp horsepower
The interior of the engine is all forged
Even including his pneumatic jack
Plus the left-hand drive I am used to.
But actually still in the same group
You can imagine how much I have been bored before.
I am very happy about this game, I am not only finishing the game.
Also stood on the podium
The lap result also reached my goal.
I only contacted this car for three days.
But these three days I keep practicing.
Slowly get familiar with the condition of this car.
I will tell you a little bit about it.
DC5 and FD2
After all, one is the chassis of the seven generations.
One is the eight generations of chassis
The difference between the two, at high speed corners
FD2 is relatively stable, especially the rear wheel
But at low speed corners, flexibility
DC5 is very flexible
It can be said to be a very good teaching car
The so-called teaching car is
If you want to learn racing
That car will be your good friend.
Because it allows you to grow and make you progress
Sitting in the car can feel it is
After all, this car is a group A.
In addition to the appearance of a wide body
Competitive shock absorber
There are three points like this
These three points are the pressure jacks.
Inside the car, the first one has a quick-release steering wheel
If the steering wheel is not unplugged
I have no way to get inside the car.
After the steering wheel is mounted
The first one can be seen, the sitting position of the racer
Because on both sides, we have Hans
Plus the relationship of the helmet
So when the vehicle hit some hits today
There is some protection, plus Hans
Look at my hand, this angle
This is the fastest response angle
So driving on a normal road
Of course, everyone can't drive like this.
Because driving like this is actually full of hardships.
But if you have a chance to try this drive
The left and right reactions will be the fastest
Because if you are a little farther
Although you have a bend on your hand
But when you turn the steering wheel today
The hand will straighten, and the distance will be straighter
So remember, let your hands bend as much as possible
That car many thought it was a sequence
Actually not, it is still a traditional six-speed hand row.
Just have some changes, fisheye bearings
So it's a short trip to shift.
The second is that the mistake of shifting will be reduced.
Then I have considered it, I want to change to the sequence.
But currently see some serial gearbox DC5
The lap is not fast
So I still maintain such a gearbox.
There are some buttons on it
There are three main
First gasoline pump
Second fan
The third is the oil pump, the oil pump is very important.
Because DC5 is easy to get warm up
Because of this car, its compression ratio
Its ignition is different from the average commercial car.
So we have no way to add 98 unleaded petrol competition.
I have to add 103 105 racing gasoline.
Must be 100% racing gasoline
One liter is about two hundred or so
So it’s very expensive than a game.
There is a screen below
This screen is to look at the back
There is a lens behind
Can you see if the car behind you catches up with you?
Or is there anyone who wants to overtake your car?
You can see the car behind through this screen.
There is a water jet below
Water jet it has a bottle
When the temperature of the vehicle is too high today
There is also a way to save it, that is, water jet
If you turn the petrol pump fan and the oil pump open
If there is this water jet
Can cool down a little
If the water jet is sprayed, there is no way to cool down.
Probably you have to retire, there may be some problems
Dashboard Haltech
The computer is also Haltech Super2000
There is a lot of information on the dashboard
Including your oil pressure, your oil temperature
The highest speed gear of your game
Many, the above information is very, very complicated
The other is the OMP racing chair, which is made of carbon fiber.
And standard anti-roll cage
This is probably some standard competitive interiors for this car.
Of course there will be no air conditioning and no satellite navigation.
There are no leather chairs and no electric chairs.
And only one chair
But this car has spot welding all the cars.
Full car spot welding plus vehicle settings
Is very suitable for the Dapeng Bay Circuit
Especially in some low speed corners
His front wheel is very flexible
The FD2 is also flexible on the front wheels.
But because its rear axle is relatively stable
So when you are cornering
Actually at low speed
Your car's tail is a bit slippery, it will be more conducive to your cornering.
DC5 performs very well at this point
If the chassis is set well
It’s a great car.
However, if you are using FD2, you should do more chassis settings.
Plus these two cars because this one is wide
Therefore, this car is also better at high speed driving stability.
Although the specifications of the tire rims are exactly the same
However, its stability is better at high speeds.
it is good! We are four drivers in this game.
There are three drivers on the podium
Congratulations to my second brother, congratulations to Cai Weijie and myself.
Hard work about 3/3
Finally at the third stop, stand on the podium
I hope that more friends from the fourth station will come to the Dapeng Bay Circuit.
Look at the Option cup, a lot of support for domestic motorsports
See you next time!